DIARY -*- mode: org -*-

Sep 22, 2018
I had no idea this existed! This is my first diary entry on emacs. I just discovered this (emacs) yesterday. This has gone above and beyond my expectations! I'm hoping to use emacs to take care of at least to-do lists in the future. The rest of tonight will be spent on learning about emacs as well as working on my FRQ2 for tomorrow.

Sep 25, 2018
Today I discovered that OneNote (A note taking system I was perfectly happy with before) has a pivotal flaw that (because of privacy and organizational concerns) cannot, simply, be ignored. That flaw is that the data held in the OneNote is not at all controllable. While there seems to still be a way to export OneNote files on windows (which I will have to try sometime soon), there is no good way to export files through Mac's version of OneNote. In addition, Microsoft forces you to hold your OneNote files in the cloud. There is absolutely no way to save them locally. This is a huge problem as this forces you to use the cloud as well. Thus, I am going to have to switch to some otehr note taking system. I am currently considering simple markdown text (org-mode). However, I may also use something such as CherryTree. Another possibility is just that I stick with onenote and deal with *it*. 

Sep 29, 2018
(Past Midnight) 1:30
I'm going to be writing this moreor less with my eyes closed (glasses off... essentially the same thing). Fair warning:
Today was quite an interesting day. It was a moderately normal Saturday. However, I ended up staying longer for Josie's performance in the kick-off concert and also to hangout with Charlotte. Despite now being comfortable saying "I love you" in chat, I have not yet gathered up the courage nor have I found the right moment to say "I love you" in person. We got along very well as usual and from taht standpoint everything went well. My (second) performance with the Solano Symphony is coming up and will be happening this Oct 6-7. I'm looking forward to it. however, I am also mildyly worried about myself being unprepared. However, I really just need to work on intonation and my encore piece (Paganini Caprice No.4). In emacs, I've learned many new things and have been keeping quite good manuals of everything In addition I've learned more about how asymmetric ciphers work and now understand how to use GnuPG encryption. Anyways, I stayed up late finishing my homework (Lab 2, OB010) and thus will either sleep in tomorrow or be really *really* tired. In any case I should probably go to bed now. Good night!

Oct 1, 2018
Dream Journal: I had a dream about Charlotte last night... we (Josie, Ryan, Charlotte, and I) were all hanging out at the conservatory, and Josie suggested we go out, but she really meant that Charlotte and I go outside to spend some time together. We found a nice place to sit and we held hands for the first time. After that we kept holding hands even after Ryan and Josie came to sit. Then Josie came and sat between us to ask me a question about school and then I realized I missed my class!

Oct 3, 2018
Added orgmode to the diary! So, today I was working on my HSC presentation on paradoxes up until 12:30 am. It is now 12:42 am (or... 0:42) and I am brushing my teeth. I am hoping to give a good presentation tomorrow! 

Oct 4, 2018
Oct 13, 2018
Emacs
Emacs has officially taken over my life. (Almost literally.) I have now "evolved" to using emacs for everything, to-do lists, notes, scheduling, keeping track of my *life*. It is absolutely amazing and I learn more about it every day. I talk about it so much of the time when talking to friends (Audrey especially, Charlotte, Josie, etc) and especially family. Everyone says I'm obsessed with Emacs! (Which I happily admit I very much am!) As of now, I'm still building my knowledge base and have learned many of the most useful emacs keybinds. In addition, I still use Evil mode (though I went without it for a day or two just to test it out because I learned some of the emacs keybinds as well) and have also been getting to know VIM keybinds better. I've feel as though I've yet to discover the power of Emacs/Evil Mode.

Charlote/Relationships
My relationship with Charlotte has progressed... well, unexpectedly quickly. We now... well... love each other, and very often say it. We've not much progressed at all on the physical plane and extremely rarely hold hands or hug. However, I'm sure this will come in time and I am very much not in any rush in terms of our relationship (or any relationship for that matter). 

In the excitement of the moment (laughing at a recording thing in a practice room during a rehearsal with the trio, Josie, Ryan, and Me), Josie at one point was hanging off of my shoulder behind me laughing, which was such an odd feeling as usual as she's so comfortable.
Oct 14, 2018
Practice Log [2018-10-14 Sun]
I only practiced an hour today unfortunately. I had tons of other OHS work to do so I wasn't able to get to it. However, the scale practice went very well and it seems learning Caprice No. 21 will not be as much of a challenge as previously thought.
Oct 15, 2018
    An Encounter with death: [2018-10-15 Mon 15:15]
       My mom and I just came back from running some errands, and I went through the backyard to see something, and on the way found a dead bird next to a window. After some discussion, we got a shovel and proceeded to dig a whole in which to bury the bird. However, after picking the bird up, my mom thought its eye moved and after putting it in the hole, we weren't sure if it was alive. So, I got surgical gloves from inside and mom picked up the bird. We concluded that it wasn't alive (mom looked for a heartbeat) and put it back in the whole. After shoveling a bit of dirt on it, we heard a sound from the bird and once again became worried that we were buring a live bird. However, the way its neck was positioned and from mom's experience, his/her neck was surely broken. We theorized that it was dead and that its lungs simply still had air in them and that the dirt we shoveled onto the bird pushed that bit of air out. After a prayer, we concluded to bury the bird and put a stick on its grave.
       After coming inside, I felt saddened by the experience. It reminds me of Apo and Agong's deaths as simply seeing the death before my eyes was devastating in and of itself. It made me appreciate Rémy more and I gave him a big hug when I got the chance.
Nov 13, 2018 
    In homeroom right now, they talked about making a diary and I thought now would be a good time to really fill in my diary again. Not much has happened too much recently. I sent an email to Lyman Hurd yesterday about getting an internship at Google this coming summer and I hope to start reading up on algorithms and a book called "Cracking the Coding Interview" (all suggestions by Austin) that will help me prepare for the internship.